1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
   When you do it, you're saying GIT, this is entire directory(folder) is my 
workplace(Git creade a hidden directory ".git/"), so i want you to track all my 
files, this way i can come back later and see the history of my files.

2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?
   The Staging area is the place between the working directory and the 
repository. It's great having a staging area because when i complete my work 
with one file i can use "git add" and add that file to the staging area, and 
compare it with the older version on the repository without making a commit, 
also i can wait to modify, or to complete, my logic change and after, i make my
commit.

3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
 change?
   I can add all my modifications to the staging area before making a commit, 
and after im done with the logical idea, or the logical change, i can make my 
commit, and it will add all my files in the staging area to the repository.

4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?
   When you want to try new things, but you've your project functional and you 
want to mess it up, so you create a new branch and start working on it.

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
   Helped me a lot, since i was trying to visualize things in my mind, it's 
great idea that you guys made those diagrams, it really made it easier.

6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it 
in the diagram the way we do?
   Merging two branches will combine all the commits from both branches, and 
will be organized by date. The diagrams make it easier, because they show a new 
commit that unified the two branches, and allows us to reach commits from the 
two branches.

7. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
 manually?
   Automatic merging is great because they do all the work for us in seconds, 
but they don't know what to do when they find the same line modified. When you 
do it manually, however, you would have to do it file by file, and compair files
 one by one (tough work), and you can make mistakes easily.
